typescript/examples/eleven-labs/conversational-agent/README.md, before:

# Eleven Labs Conversational Agent Example

This example uses the ElevenLabs base project described [here](https://elevenlabs.io/docs/conversational-ai/guides/conversational-ai-guide-nextjs) and follows the steps to add client tool calling described [here](https://elevenlabs.io/docs/conversational-ai/customization/client-tools).

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/67c7f2d2-0b6a-4e0a-b24b-423e35a94c69

## Setup

1. Copy the `.example.env` and populate with your values.

```
cp .example.env .env
```

2. Create an ElevenLabs agent and get the agent ID. You can follow this guide: https://elevenlabs.io/docs/conversational-ai/docs/agent-setup

3. Set the `NEXT_PUBLIC_ELEVEN_LABS_AGENT_ID` environment variable with the agent ID.

4. ElevenLabs requires you to register each tool manually through the ElevenLabs dashboard. To make it easier, we've added a `logTools` option to the `getOnChainTools` function. This will log the tools with their respective descriptions and parameters to the console.

```typescript
const tools = await getOnChainTools({
    wallet: viem(wallet),
    options: {
        logTools: true,
    },
});
```

5. Run the app with `pnpm dev`, connect your wallet, and start the conversation!

Commit message:

Update conversational-agent README.md (#37)

typescript/examples/eleven-labs/conversational-agent/README.md, after:

# Eleven Labs Conversational Agent Example

This example builds a conversational agent with ElevenLabs that can read your wallet address, query the balance in your wallet, and recommend tokens to buy, based on the trending tokens of the day.

This example uses the ElevenLabs base project described [here](https://elevenlabs.io/docs/conversational-ai/guides/conversational-ai-guide-nextjs) and implements both functionalities using tool calling described [here](https://elevenlabs.io/docs/conversational-ai/customization/client-tools).

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/81a3837e-ad05-4e29-b6c7-0a14318f7b8e

## Setup

1. Copy the `.example.env` and populate with your values.

```
cp .example.env .env
```
`NEXT_PUBLIC_ELEVEN_LABS_AGENT_ID` - create an agent [here](https://elevenlabs.io/app/conversational-ai), and copy agent ID

`NEXT_PUBLIC_SEPOLIA_RPC_URL` - create your first app on [Alchemy](https://dashboard.alchemy.com/apps), and go to the Networks tab to copy Ethereum Sepolia API key

`NEXT_PUBLIC_COINGECKO_API_KEY` - create your demo account API key on the Coingecko developer [dashboard](https://www.coingecko.com/en/developers/dashboard)

2. Run `pnpm i && build` on the /typescript directory. Then, run `pnpm dev` in the /eleven-labs/conversational-agent directory. When the app loads, open the console to complete the next step.

3. ElevenLabs requires you to register each tool manually through the ElevenLabs dashboard. To make it easier, we've added a `logTools` option to the `getOnChainTools` function. This will log the tools with their respective descriptions and parameters to the console.

```typescript
const tools = await getOnChainTools({
    wallet: viem(wallet),
    options: {
        logTools: true,
    },
});
```
When you load the site, the console logs each tool that is called, which you would need to add into your agent's dashboard as a `client tool`. The logs will look something like this:

```
get_eth_balance
Description: This tool returns the ETH balance of an EVM wallet.
Parameters:
- address (optional) (string): The address to get the balance of, defaults to the address of the wallet
```
Add it in the Eleven Labs Agent console like so:
<img width="596" alt="Screenshot 2024-12-09 at 6 03 51 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7ea1a9f0-fc45-4f5b-921c-502d89734cfd">

4. Finally, run the app with `pnpm dev`, connect your wallet, and start the conversation!
